Add nf-core governance page (#1440)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/governance.md

<a class="btn btn-light rounded-pill" href="https://github.com/ewels"><i aria-hidden="true"></i>Phil Ewels</a>

**Members**

<a class="btn btn-light rounded-pill" href="https://github.com/mirpedrol"><i aria-hidden="true"></i>Júlia Mir Pedrol</a>
<a class="btn btn-light rounded-pill" href="https://github.com/mashehu"><i aria-hidden="true"></i>Matthias Hörtenhuber</a>

#### Outreach {#outreach}

Outreach is an important part of any community project.  
The outreach team is responsible for overseeing the organization and running community outreach efforts, including, but not limited to, the nf-core ambassador program, hackathons, and the `#bytesize` seminar series.

The outreach team will have one or more leads who are responsible for overseeing outreach efforts.
New members will be invited to be a part of the outreach team based on experience and outreach activity (e.g., involvement in the ambassador program). 
The outreach team is not a fixed size and will scale as the community grows.
The outreach leads will have access to community social media and YouTube accounts (e.g., Twitter and YouTube).

**Responsibilities**

- Organizing and running the `#bytesize` seminar series

> - Leading the organizing hackathon, training, and other outreach events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Leading the organization of hackathons, training sessions, and other outreach events
```

<a class="btn btn-light rounded-pill" href="https://github.com/JoseEspinosa"><i aria-hidden="true"></i>Jose Espinosa-Carrasco</a>
<a class="btn btn-light rounded-pill" href="https://github.com/MaxUlysse"><i aria-hidden="true"></i>Maxime Garcia</a>
#### Ambassadors {#ambassadors}

nf-core recognizes a vibrant, worldwide group of nf-core experts whose enthusiasm for knowledge-sharing drives the community forward.
Ambassadors go above and beyond to share knowledge in a variety of ways including online via social media, blog posts and articles; or in person at conferences, workshops, and user group events.

Community members with an interest in sharing knowledge and helping their communities can become nf-core ambassadors.
Ambassadors are expected to regularly engage with the wider community and will be supported by the outreach team and other ambassadors.

More information about becoming an nf-core ambassador can be found [here](https://github.com/).

**Responsibilities**

- Engaging with local, national, and international Nextflow and nf-core community
- Writing or sharing tweets, blogs, articles, and technical documentation

> - Running nf-core events such as user groups, hackathons, workshops, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running nf-core events such as user group meetings, hackathons, workshops, and more
```

<a class="btn btn-light rounded-pill" href="https://github.com/mashehu"><i aria-hidden="true"></i>Matthias Hörtenhuber</a>

#### Outreach {#outreach}

Outreach is an important part of any community project.
The outreach team is responsible for overseeing the organization and running community outreach efforts, including, but not limited to, the nf-core ambassador program, hackathons, and the `#bytesize` seminar series.

The outreach team will have one or more leads who are responsible for overseeing outreach efforts.
New members will be invited to be a part of the outreach team based on experience and outreach activity (e.g., involvement in the ambassador program).
The outreach team is not a fixed size and will scale as the community grows.
The outreach leads will have access to community social media and YouTube accounts (e.g., Twitter and YouTube).

**Responsibilities**

- Organizing and running the `#bytesize` seminar series
- Leading the organization of hackathons, training sessions, and other outreach events
- Organizing and running the ambassador program
- Creating and sharing community content
- Regular attendance at outreach team meetings

> 

Reviewer 2: what about the mentorship program? Should this be mentioned here?
